this is the removal and installation for
navigation unit out of a Porsche 2006
the Carrera 911 the tools that you need
is just a Torx screwdriver besides Tony
and the allen wrench five millimeter
plus eight millimeter wrench and the
first thing you do on the side cover all
the way in the back there is a carpet
that has one screw in there is a Torx
screw you just remove that the screw in
there and then the carpet comes out and
as you can see there are two other
screws which holds the side panel you
remove those two screws and then the
side bangle just you can just slide it
slide it out and you do the same thing
for the other side and once you get the
panel out then you would be able to see
the locking screws for the side of the
radio there are two of them one on each
side you have to turn them
counterclockwise and so all the way the
clip which hole for the mounting it will
go inward and then you will be able to
pull the radio there are two on each
side of the radio plus there is another
screw here which is the eight millimeter
is only on the passenger side you don't
have to remove it all the way you just
go like about a half a inch out or less
than a change and then you would be able
to pop the radio off and I'm going to
show you the those two locking screws on
the side see they are five millimeter
allen wrench you just turn them
counterclockwise so this clips they go
inward and then you would be able to
release the navigation unit and if you
need and once you put it back you have
to move this locking screws clockwise so
to lock the unit and if you need any
repair for this navigation unit or the
radio or the CD player or display you
can send it to high tech electronics
versus in Van Nuys California eight one
eight seven eight five eight zero eight
five also you have to be very careful
with the cup holder on the side of the
dashboard most of the problem with this
unit they get coffee damage because the
coffee spills over the display unit
thank you